[MUSIC PLAYING]
In this video, we'll see
how to add interactivity
to an in-page experience.
Different types of
interactions can be
added to an in-page experience.
In the slide here,
the Animal World link
in the bottom left
of the player is
an example of a link that
appears as the video plays.
The upper right side of the
player is displaying a card.
In-page experiences also
support companion components.
The difference is that
companion components
appear outside of the player.
In this example,
as the video plays,
an image companion component
is displayed on the right side
of the player.
Companion components can be
custom HTML, images, or text.
In this training,
we're going to focus
on link and card interactions.
OK.
So how do we add links and
cards to our experience?
You need to start by
selecting a video.
Note that you can choose to
have a link or card appear
during all of the videos.
We'll see how to do that
when we get to the hands-on.
Next, you need to
click the Link or Card
icon in the Actions column
associated with the video.
Once you do that, you can
configure the properties.
For example, for a link, we
would specify the link text
in the URL.
For a card, we'll have things
like the title, description,
and image to display.
Then we'll also configure
when these things display
and for how long.
It's pretty easy.
Once interactivity has
been added to the video,
an icon will appear
in the Interactivity
column indicating the
type of interaction
that has been added.
You can see in this example,
it looks like a card has
been added to the chimp video.
To edit or delete an
interaction, just hover
over the interactivity icon
and then click the pencil
to edit or trash can to delete.
Let's add some interactions
to our experience.
I'm going to edit my
experience and then click
Videos in the left navigation.
Let's add a link
to the chimp video.
To add interactivity, you
can click on the video title
and then click
Add Interactivity.
Or on the video list,
click the appropriate icon
in the Actions column.
Hovering over the icons
will show you what they do.
I'm going to click
on the Link icon.
Next, we'll configure
the link properties.
I'll add the link
text and link URL.
The playback behavior
is what happens
when the link is clicked.
Next, I'll click on
the Configure link.
This is where we set when the
link appears and for how long.
You can use exact times
or use percentages.
The slider below
the player can also
be used to configure the
start time and duration.
Right now, it
looks like it's set
to appear at the
five-second point
and last for five seconds.
Notice there is an option to
apply this interaction to all
the videos in the experience.
Finally, I'll click
Design and decide where
I want the link to appear.
Let's do the bottom left
corner of the player.
When I'm done, I'll click Save.
This dialog will list all the
interactions on this video,
and can also be used to
edit or delete interactions.
I'm going to close it.
Notice now there's a Link
icon in the Interactivity
column for the chimp video.
Let's add a card to
the elephant video.
I'll click the Card icon
next to the elephant video.
It's pretty much the same
process when adding a card.
However, the properties
will be different.
I'm going to browse and
select an image for the card.
Notice as I start to configure
the card, I can see a preview.
You can see how these fields
are being laid out on the card.
The playback behavior
is what happens
when the link is clicked.
I can configure the video to
pause when the card is opened
or have the video pause when the
link and the card is clicked.
Next, I'll click on
the Configure link.
This is where we set when the
card appears and for how long.
These parameters
are the same as they
were for the link we set up.
I'm going to select Show
for the entire video.
When I'm done, I'll click Save.
You can see the video now
has a card interaction.
When I go back to
the Videos page,
I can see that now we have
a link and card configured.
To edit or delete any
of these interactions,
just hover over the icon.
Let's preview the experience.
When I play the chimp
video, after five seconds
the link will appear.
When I play the elephant video,
I can see the card indicator,
and I can click it
to see the card.
Looks like everything
is working.
In the next video, we'll see
how to style the experience.